Well, I guess there are a lot of different ways you gonna answer this
question? Um, on the face of it, I think you could argue that it's incredibly
diverse because psychology is the study of people, you know.
And we, you know, there are a lot of different types of people, and
psychology is in the business of studying them all. Um, I think that
in terms of the practice of psychology, um, and the profession of
psychology, I think that we still have a long way to go in terms of
diversity. Andi, I think that it's really important that we make that
a priority. Um, because if we're looking at, you know, studying
people, we need to make sure we're studying all different types of people
on different types of cultures and how they navigate within those
cultures. And and so I think that the field as a whole definitely
has a long way to go. But I do think that there are concerted efforts
being made. Thio have mawr diversity within the field of psychology